Key performance indicators (KPIs) are specific performance metrics used by businesses to determine how well a project is doing when compared to intended project goals and objectives. 

For project management:
Resource utilization:
It is used to verify whether the resources were utilized effectively or they might be under utilized

On time completion rate:
It is used to verify the % of tasks completed on time. Also to check if any task crosses the deadline.

Billable utilization:
Billable utilization is a KPI that shows how much time is spent on billable activities in percentages.
The formula for calculating billable utilization is:
Billable utilization = (Number of billable hours / Number of non-billable hours) x 100
For reference, billable hours include time spent working on project tasks, whereas non-billable hours include time spent on administration, training, unrelated team meetings, or any other activity that cannot be charged to the client.
Increasing billable utilization means increasing profitability, so project managers or companies that are struggling to stay profitable could use this KPI to diagnose their current situati

Customer satisfaction score (CSAT)
Customer satisfaction score (CSAT) falls in the category of qualitative KPIs as it is usually determined with the help of surveys. 
All you need to do is ask your customers how satisfied they are with your product, service, or support. Customers rate their satisfaction on a scale of 1 to 5. 
Your CSAT is the arithmetic mean of the sum of all responses: 

CSAT = sum of all response scores / number of responses
The score shows how happy the customers are with the development of the project so far and how likely they are to stay loyal to the organization performing the project. 
You should pay special attention to low-score responses, as they may hold the key to improving your overall customer satisfaction.

There are 5 steps that will help you track your KPIs:

Decide on the KPIs you wish to track,
Define your KPI targets and frequency,
Start tracking,
Share results with your team, and
Continue tracking your KPIs regularly.

The S.M.A.R.T. acronym stands for: 

Specific — KPIs should be defined as clearly as possible to avoid any confusion when collecting and reviewing the results.
Measurable — KPIs should be quantifiable. A KPI that can’t be objectively measured in cold hard data is unusable. Even qualitative KPIs, like CSAT, are expressed numerically.
Attainable — KPIs should be realistic. Unattainable KPIs will reflect poorly on your team’s morale and negatively affect their performance.
Relevant — KPIs should be relevant to your project. There are many KPIs a project manager could measure, but only a few will be relevant to your unique situation.
Time-based — KPIs should be measured within a specific time frame. Usually, this is daily, weekly, or monthly, depending on the type of your project. This timeframe should always be the same so that project managers can accurately track performance over time.
Keep in mind that you might not always be able to set optimal goals at the beginning of a project. In these cases, don’t stress about it — use an estimate and adjust it as you go. 
