The ISO 9001 standard specifies requirements for the establishment, maintenance, and continuous improvement of a quality management system, covering a wide range of topics including:

Context of the organization: ISO 9001 requires organizations to determine the external and internal factors that affect their ability to achieve the intended results of their quality management system.
Leadership: The standard emphasizes the importance of leadership in implementing and maintaining a quality management system.
Planning: The quality management system must include measures designed to achieve an organization’s quality objectives and continuously improve the system’s effectiveness.
Support: ISO 9001 addresses issues such as resources, competence, awareness, communication and documented information.
Operation: The processes necessary to meet customer requirements and increase customer satisfaction must be planned, implemented and controlled.
Performance evaluation: The standard requires organizations to monitor, measure, analyze and evaluate the performance and effectiveness of their quality management system.
Improvement: ISO 9001 emphasizes the importance of continuously increasing the effectiveness of the quality management system based on the results of performance evaluation and other data sources.

ISO 9001 Business benefits include:

Customer confidence: The standard ensures that organizations have robust quality control processes in place, leading to increased customer trust and satisfaction.
Effective complaint resolution: ISO 9001 offers guidelines for resolving customer complaints efficiently, contributing to timely and satisfactory problem-solving.
Process improvement: The standard helps identify and eliminate inefficiencies, reduce waste, streamline operations, and promote informed decision-making, resulting in cost savings and better outcomes.
Ongoing optimization: Regular audits and reviews encouraged by ISO 9001 enable organizations to continually refine their quality management systems, stay competitive, and achieve long-term success.

A RACI chart is a type of responsibility assignment matrix (RAM) in project management.

RACI stands for:

Responsible
Accountable
Consulted
Informed
Here’s what each designation means:

Responsible
Responsible designates the task as assigned directly to this person (or group of people). The responsible person is the one who does the work to complete the task or create the deliverable. Every task should have at least one responsible person and could have several.
Responsible parties are typically on the project team and are usually developers or other creators.

Accountable
The accountable person in the RACI equation delegates and reviews the work involved in a project. Their job is to make sure the responsible person or team knows the expectations of the project and completes work on time. Every task should have only one accountable person.
Accountable parties are typically on the project team, usually in a leadership or management role.

Consulted
Consulted people provide input and feedback on the work being done in a project. They have a stake in the outcomes of a project because it could affect their current or future work.
Project managers and teams should consult these stakeholders ahead of starting a task to get input on their needs, and again throughout the work and at the completion of a task to get feedback on the outcome.
Not every task or milestone needs a consulted party, but the project manager should consider all possible stakeholders when creating the RACI chart and include as many consulted parties as is appropriate. You should limit this to necessary input, however. For example, one consulted party per affected team is generally considered best practice to avoid clogging the process with too much input.
Consulted parties may be individuals on the project team who aren’t working on a given task but whose work will be affected by the outcome. They’re also often teammates outside of the project team—even in different departments—whose work will be affected by the outcomes of the project.

Informed
Informed individuals need to be looped into the progress of a project but not consulted or overwhelmed with the details of every task. They need to know what’s going on because it could affect their work, but they’re not decision makers in the process.
